#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile
# To update, run:
#
#    make upgrade
#
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   fs
    #   virtualenv
astroid==2.5.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
attrs==20.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   hypothesis
    #   pytest
boto3==1.17.61
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   fs-s3fs
botocore==1.20.61
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
    #   s3transfer
certifi==2020.12.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   requests
chardet==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   diff-cover
    #   requests
click==7.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/pip-tools.txt
    #   pip-tools
codecov==2.1.11
    # via -r requirements/travis.txt
coverage==5.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   codecov
    #   pytest-cov
ddt==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
diff-cover==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
distlib==0.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   virtualenv
django-pyfs==3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
django==2.2.20
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-pyfs
filelock==3.0.12
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
fs-s3fs==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-pyfs
fs==2.4.13
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django-pyfs
    #   fs-s3fs
hypothesis==6.10.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
idna==2.10
    # via
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   requests
inflect==5.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2-pluralize
iniconfig==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest
isort==5.8.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
jinja2-pluralize==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   diff-cover
jinja2==2.11.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   diff-cover
    #   jinja2-pluralize
jmespath==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
    #   botocore
lazy-object-proxy==1.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   astroid
lazy==1.4
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
lxml==4.6.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
markupsafe==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   jinja2
mccabe==0.6.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pylint
mock==4.0.3
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
packaging==20.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
path.py==12.5.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
path==15.1.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   path.py
pep517==0.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/pip-tools.txt
    #   pip-tools
pip-tools==6.1.0
    # via -r requirements/pip-tools.txt
pluggy==0.13.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   diff-cover
    #   pytest
    #   tox
py==1.10.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   pytest
    #   tox
pycodestyle==2.7.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pygments==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   diff-cover
pylint==2.8.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pyparsing==2.4.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   packaging
pytest-cov==2.11.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest-django==4.2.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
pytest==6.2.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
python-dateutil==2.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   botocore
pytz==2021.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
    #   fs
pyyaml==5.4.1
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
requests==2.25.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   codecov
s3transfer==0.4.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   boto3
simplejson==3.17.2
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
six==1.15.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   fs
    #   fs-s3fs
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tox
    #   virtualenv
sortedcontainers==2.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   hypothesis
sqlparse==0.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   django
toml==0.10.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/pip-tools.txt
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   pep517
    #   pylint
    #   pytest
    #   tox
tox-battery==0.6.1
    # via -r requirements/travis.txt
tox==3.23.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   tox-battery
urllib3==1.26.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   botocore
    #   requests
virtualenv==20.4.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   -r requirements/travis.txt
    #   tox
web-fragments==1.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
webob==1.8.7
    # via -r requirements/test.txt
wrapt==1.12.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/test.txt
    #   astroid

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
